
Please put together your answers to your questions in a single write up document
 (PDF format). You may answer the questions in descriptive sentences, pseudo-code,
 hand-sketched diagrams that are scanned into the document, or however else you feel
 would be the most appropriate way to express your answers. 


"1. We have a product called Drug 390 for breast cancer treatment and our team is interested in understanding 
how long patients are on treatment when they are taking our product compared to the generic. For additional 
context, breast cancer patients can fall into four categories based on their HER2 status (0 or 1) or their 
Hormone Receptor (HR) status (0 or 1) so we are also interested in understanding how the cancer category 
might impact length of treatment as well. 

We have provided sample datasets found on the green tabs: 'Patient_Drug390_Test_Flags' which tracks 
whether a patient received Drug 390 and their Breat Cancer Category, and  'Patient_Drug_Admin_Date' 
which marks the drug administration dates for each patient. 


"
"a. Describe how you would compute the length of treatment for each patient - Done

b. Describe or show how you might go about comparing the length of treatment by drug 390 vs. the generic 
(i.e. through a visualization, descriptive analytics, statistical tests, or machine learning)  

c. Describe or show how you might go about comparing the length of treatment by drug 390 vs. the generic
 by HR/HER2 status patients. (i.e. through a visualization, descriptive analytics, or other statistical methods, 
statistical tests, or machine learning)

d. Please create a mock up slide or dashboard that best shows the results of the comparisons you have done 
in b) and c). Optional: Use the sample data to generate the analyses that you put into this mock up slide or dashboard"





------------------------------------------------------
Field Name	Description
Patient_ID	Patient ID
drug_390_admin_flag	Flag if patient has been given Drug 390 (1 = Yes, 0 = No)
ER_positive	Flag if patient is ER positive*
PR_positive	Flag if patient is PR positive*
HER2_positive	Flag if patient is HER2 positive*


* Note that patients with breast cancer can be categorized into 4 categories,
 based on their HER2 status and hormone receptor status
 (hormone receptor positive is anyone who is either ER or PR positive whereas
 hormone receptor negative is anyone who is both ER and PR negative).
----------------------------------------------------

Patient Drug Admin Date


Field Name	Description
Patient_ID	Patient ID
Drug_admin_date	Date of drug administration
